Suggest to use bazelisk as a lockfile best practice. (#20991)
bazelbuild/bazel: site/en/external/lockfile.md

    ensure that all team members have access to the same lockfile, promoting
    consistent development environments across the project.

*   Use [`bazelisk`](/install/bazelisk) to run Bazel, and include a

>     `.bazeliskrc` file in version control that lists the Bazel version

Reviewer: s/.bazeliskrc/.bazelversion ; s/lists/specifies

Author: Done. For my own information: why is `.bazelversion` preferred over `.bazeliskrc` here? It seems like looking in the workspace root would match the search for the lockfile.

Reviewer: .bazelversion is also in the workspace root. .bazeliskrc controls more than just the Bazel version used (see https://github.com/bazelbuild/bazelisk?tab=readme-ov-file#bazeliskrc-configuration-file). Ultimately, it comes down to convention -- projects tend to specify .bazelversion instead of .bazeliskrc.

Author: OK. (The documentation says that `.bazelversion` is searched for in enclosing directories of the working directory, so I was concerned that there might be issues if either there were a `.bazelversion` in an enclosing directory that's within the workspace root, or if `bazelisk` somehow supports being run from outside the workspace. But I don't *think* either of those is really a problem.)

>     `.bazeliskrc` file in version control that lists the Bazel version

Author: ```suggestion
    `.bazelversuib` file in version control that specifies the Bazel version
```

>     `.bazelversuib` file in version control that specifies the Bazel version

Author: ```suggestion
    `.bazelversion` file in version control that specifies the Bazel version
```
